add page component page (#2471)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/components/page.mdx

<Example 
  showResponsiveControls={['fullScreen']}
  docs="https://v2.grommet.io/page?theme=hpe"
  code="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/templates/content-layouts/ResponsiveContentLayoutExample.js"
  // height, width, and screenContainer.scale value chosen to best visually 
  // represent the example
  height="650px"
  width="100%"
>
  <PageExample />
</Example>

## Guidance

Page is the outer layout component. Page’s `kind` determines which theme-defined padding, min/max-width, and alignment should be applied to its child PageContent components.

PageContent should be a child of Page. This allows PageContent to adhere to the min/max-width, padding, and alignment values set by its parent Page `kind`.

In most cases, all of the content for a page can be wrapped in a single PageContent component. However, if varying background colors are needed for different page sections or a full-width background color is needed

> (link to variant below), then individual page sections can each be wrapped in their own PageContent.

Reviewer: I'm guessing there should be a link here

Author: oh yes

import { Example } from '../../layouts';
import { PageExample, PageContentExample } from '../../examples';

> **Page** is the main container that is responsible for how the Page Content and Page Header are 
> presented. 

Reviewer 2: Our introductory content on a page should really try to set up the "what" AND "why". In this case, the "why" is solving the problem of "how do we make it easy for all page layouts within an application and across all HPE applications to be implemented consistently?"

```suggestion
Page makes it easy to implement [page layouts](/templates/page-layouts) uniformly across HPE applications. Two components, Page and PageContent, work together to ensure HPE theme-defined margins, horizontal alignment, max-width, and responsive behaviors are applied in a consistent, turn-key manner.
```

There are 3 kinds of content width options depending on the use case. 
1. [Wide (Default)](https://design-system.hpe.design/templates/page-layouts#wide-default)
   - The Page Container will have a max width of 1536px, the content will be center aligned and white space will be displayed around the perimeter of the content.
2. [Narrow](https://design-system.hpe.design/templates/page-layouts#narrow) 
   - The PageContent will have a maximum width of 768px. On wider screens the content will be center aligned and white space will be displayed around the perimeter of the content.
3. [Full](https://design-system.hpe.design/templates/page-layouts#full)
   - This option will automatically resize the container to fill the screen displaying it. With the "full" option, if the screen grows wider than the available content, the Page Content will be left aligned to the edge of the screen.

## PageContent 
PageContent consumes the context given to it by the Page component. 
The `min` and `max` width as well as the `alignment` and `padding` are determined by which `kind` prop is passed to the Page Component. 
Within Page Content is where all of your application content should live.

## Guidance

> In most cases there should be only one Page Content, however multiple Page Contents can be 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases there should be only one PageContent, however multiple PageContent sections can be 
```

import { Example } from '../../layouts';
import { PageContentExample, ResponsiveContentLayoutExample } from '../../examples';

**Page Component** is the main container that is responsible for how the Page Content and Page Header are 
presented. 

<Example 
  showResponsiveControls={['fullScreen']}
  docs="https://v2.grommet.io/page?theme=hpe"
  code="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/templates/content-layouts/ResponsiveContentLayoutExample.js"
  // height, width, and screenContainer.scale value chosen to best visually 
  // represent the example
  height="650px"
  width="100%"
  screenContainer={{ scale: 0.57 }}
>

>   <ResponsiveContentLayoutExample />

Reviewer: Could we possibly change this example? When I look at it my focus is on the grid and it doesn't give me an idea of what Page and PageContent are doing. Maybe we could still include this example but not as the first one on the page.

Author: yeah maybe I can take out the cards and just keep the global header and footer then add some place holder text

</Example>

## Guidance
Page takes `kind` as a prop which will determine the type of page layout. 
There are 3 kinds of content width options depending on the use case. 

> 1. [Wide (Default)](https://design-system.hpe.design/templates/page-layouts#wide-default)

Reviewer: Might be good to mention the max width of the content is 1536px for `kind=wide`

Author: I can add that good thinking

   - The Page Container will be center aligned and white space will be displayed around the perimeter of the content.
2. [Narrow](https://design-system.hpe.design/templates/page-layouts#narrow) 

>    - If the screen is larger than 768, the Page Container will be center aligned and white space will be displayed around the perimeter of the content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The PageContent will have a maximum width of 768px. On wider screens the content will be center aligned and white space will be displayed around the perimeter of the content.
```
